amar+V+ip+1s amo
amar+V+ip+2s amas
amar+V+ip+3s ama
amar+V+ip+1p amamos
amar+V+ip+2p amais
amar+V+ip+3p amam
amar+V+is+1s amei
amar+V+is+2s amaste
amar+V+is+3s amou
amar+V+is+1p amámos
amar+V+is+2p amastes
amar+V+is+3p amaram
amar+V+if+1s amarei
amar+V+if+2s amarás
amar+V+if+3s amará
amar+V+if+1p amaremos
amar+V+if+2p amareis
amar+V+if+3p amarão
estudar+V+ip+1s estudo
estudar+V+ip+2s estudas
estudar+V+ip+3s estuda
estudar+V+ip+1p estudamos
estudar+V+ip+2p estudais
estudar+V+ip+3p estudam
estudar+V+is+1s estudei
estudar+V+is+2s estudaste
estudar+V+is+3s estudou
estudar+V+is+1p estudámos
estudar+V+is+2p estudastes
estudar+V+is+3p estudaram
estudar+V+if+1s estudarei
estudar+V+if+2s estudarás
estudar+V+if+3s estudará
estudar+V+if+1p estudaremos
estudar+V+if+2p estudareis
estudar+V+if+3p estudarão
gostar+V+ip+1s gosto
gostar+V+ip+2s gostas
gostar+V+ip+3s gosta
gostar+V+ip+1p gostamos
gostar+V+ip+2p gostais
gostar+V+ip+3p gostam
gostar+V+is+1s gostei
gostar+V+is+2s gostaste
gostar+V+is+3s gostou
gostar+V+is+1p gostámos
gostar+V+is+2p gostastes
gostar+V+is+3p gostaram
gostar+V+if+1s gostarei
gostar+V+if+2s gostarás
gostar+V+if+3s gostará
gostar+V+if+1p gostaremos
gostar+V+if+2p gostareis
gostar+V+if+3p gostarão
voar+V+ip+1s voo
voar+V+ip+2s voas
voar+V+ip+3s voa
voar+V+ip+1p voamos
voar+V+ip+2p voais
voar+V+ip+3p voam
voar+V+is+1s voei
voar+V+is+2s voaste
voar+V+is+3s voou
voar+V+is+1p voámos
voar+V+is+2p voastes
voar+V+is+3p voaram
voar+V+if+1s voarei
voar+V+if+2s voarás
voar+V+if+3s voará
voar+V+if+1p voaremos
voar+V+if+2p voareis
voar+V+if+3p voarão
conversar+V+ip+1s converso
conversar+V+ip+2s conversas
conversar+V+ip+3s conversa
conversar+V+ip+1p conversamos
conversar+V+ip+2p conversais
conversar+V+ip+3p conversam
conversar+V+is+1s conversei
conversar+V+is+2s conversaste
conversar+V+is+3s conversou
conversar+V+is+1p conversámos
conversar+V+is+2p conversastes
conversar+V+is+3p conversaram
conversar+V+if+1s conversarei
conversar+V+if+2s conversarás
conversar+V+if+3s conversará
conversar+V+if+1p conversaremos
conversar+V+if+2p conversareis
conversar+V+if+3p conversarão
informar+V+ip+1s informo
informar+V+ip+2s informas
informar+V+ip+3s informa
informar+V+ip+1p informamos
informar+V+ip+2p informais
informar+V+ip+3p informam
informar+V+is+1s informei
informar+V+is+2s informaste
informar+V+is+3s informou
informar+V+is+1p informámos
informar+V+is+2p informastes
informar+V+is+3p informaram
informar+V+if+1s informarei
informar+V+if+2s informarás
informar+V+if+3s informará
informar+V+if+1p informaremos
informar+V+if+2p informareis
informar+V+if+3p informarão
nadar+V+ip+1s nado
nadar+V+ip+2s nadas
nadar+V+ip+3s nada
nadar+V+ip+1p nadamos
nadar+V+ip+2p nadais
nadar+V+ip+3p nadam
nadar+V+is+1s nadei
nadar+V+is+2s nadaste
nadar+V+is+3s nadou
nadar+V+is+1p nadámos
nadar+V+is+2p nadastes
nadar+V+is+3p nadaram
nadar+V+if+1s nadarei
nadar+V+if+2s nadarás
nadar+V+if+3s nadará
nadar+V+if+1p nadaremos
nadar+V+if+2p nadareis
nadar+V+if+3p nadarão
